# Hello!

I've been programming on the web since about 2005, when a friend first gave me
a user account on his home Linux box and told me that I could put whatever I 
wanted on my home folder's public\_html folder. Those were the days, when CSS
needed to prove the need for its existence and Javascript was buggy and table 
layouts ruled the roost. _**Good Riddance to all that.**_

Since then, I've gotten a degree in computer science from Florida International
University and fallen in love with the sheer vastness of what can be 
accomplished on the web. Every day, there's something new to learn about and 
while it can seem like a person can't keep up with everything, it's never boring
and I've made it a point to keep learning.

That's meant dabbling in a plenty of places, playing with languages from Python
and Ruby to OCaml. That's meant getting as deep as possible into the stalwart 
languages that form the foundation of the web: HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP.
That's meant learning tools and skills outside development, like sysadmin work 
with Apache, setting up devops tools, learning UX practices, and trying to 
figure out business processes.

I'm currently working at Florida International University as a web developer
and content management system administrator. The team I'm on there, [Digital 
Communications](https://webcomm.fiu.edu) has been responsible for moving FIU's
web presence forward. We have, in a big way. Before the team existed, FIU's 
homepage was basically just a directory of links. Afterwards, it became a real 
content site. You know, with words and explanations. After I joined, we pushed 
toward a responsive design method, that's become a standard for all webmasters
at the University.
